add note about full resource class replacement (#4842)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/customizations.adoc

```shell
sudo vim /etc/circleconfig/picard-dispatcher/resource-definitions.edn
```
+

> NOTE: This file replaces the full resource class definition for your installation so it's important you include all resource classes your users need at this point, not just those you wish to customize.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: This file replaces the full resource class definition for your installation so it is important to include all resource classes your users need at this point, not just those you wish to customize.
```
